[MUSIC]
We're done with the hooks I wanna go over.
There are more but these are the most
common ones, the ones we looked at.
So now we're talking about
transitioning from within a wrap.
So this would be for example if,
you go to a particular
URL like if you go to org/facebook/react,
and
I want to basically redirect
to org/facebook/react/repost.
I want that to take you to
the list of reposts by default.
You can use something called
transitionTo or replaceWith.
And the signatures are very similar,
the arguments are the same.
And you can use them in
a couple different ways,
depending on whether you have dynamic
segments that you need to populate.
So you pass in the route name, you pass in
the models that are necessary in order to
populate that dynamic segment
to actually be models or
IDs which will just directly
be placed into the URL.
And then there's this options object
if you wanted to use query params,
things like that.
So you can even transition
to the current route, but
add a query param and
this will be a way of accomplishing that.
Does this make sense to everybody?
Why replace with, not transition tos?
>> Great question, and
I forgot to explain that, I'm sorry.
transitionTo will add
to the history stack,
replaceWith will replace the top
most frame in the history stack.
So if you find that you're
hitting the back button and
something weird is happening,
you should consider whether replaceWith or
transitionTo is the more
appropriate thing to do.
>> They're asking,
if controllers are going away,
why do we need to do the really
important stuff to set them up?
>> There's a high degree of overlap
between what controllers do and
what components do,
which we will talk about later.
And once the work is done,
which is a soon upcoming feature,
for what's called routable components,
you will have a component,
it'll be setup, I don't know what the
actual signature of the method's gonna be,
but think of it as setup component
instead of setup controller.
And the thing that you
will put in those hooks,
the purpose of that setup hook,
will likely remain the same.
It's just an object that is not
a singleton, that doesn't stick around for
the lifetime of the app, unless
introduce the potential for leaking.
It won't be a controller anymore,
it will be a component which when you
navigate away from that route
it's torn down, it's destroyed,
and if you come back you have a brand
new clean instance to work with.